To help you conceptualize,
the different parts of the Saba Learning Management System
could be represented as the elements of baking a cake.
When you bake, you need different tools and ingredients based on what kind of cake you are making.
The Course level is like your baking dish.
Much like how a baking dish will determine the size and shape of a cake or how long it takes to bake,
a Course determines the basic outline of the content such as the title, description and how long it takes to deliver.
The Class level is like the cake itself.
The batter determines the flavour of the cake,
and how many servings it makes.
In Saba, the Class level determines details like delivery type,
the language of delivery, and manage the registration (roster) list.
Just as you can have a plain or decorated cake,
the Class level is where the administrator may add more details
like resources such as learning content, tests or instructors
and include feedback evaluations.
Or, if you were creating a curriculum
where multiple courses are required,
it would look like a tiered cake
where each tier represents a different course.
Once your cake has been served, or your class has been delivered,
there is always a clean-up phase.
For a Saba administrator, this includes managing the roster attendance,
marking a class as delivered or cancelled
and creating analytical reports such as feedback results.
Let’s get back to Saba.